Updated Linux info (#117961)
Azure/azure-content: articles/lab-services/connect-virtual-machine-windows-rdp.md

Learn more about the [RDP client's **Experience** settings](/windows-server/administration/performance-tuning/role/remote-desktop/session-hosts#client-experience-settings).

> If your are using Linux lab VM with a graphical desktop and the RDP client, the following settings may help to optimize performance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Linux lab VM with a graphical desktop and the RDP client, the following settings may help to optimize performance:
```
